There are some good things to mention such as the structure of PhotoRenamer class is clear. He differs each panels to deal with different parts. In addition, it is considerable to design a master list to keep track of what we have tagged. However, the structure of this class should be developed.First of all, it is no use to design so many buttons, such as buttons on imageInfoPanel - Open in Finder, Next Photo, Previous Photo. We don¡¯t really need these buttons. New Tag and Delete Tag buttons are reductant since we can design check boxes to and achieve renaming and managing tags on this image.Secondly, The design is not good enough since we can only get access to the image by clicking Button Next and Previous in designated order. This is because the constructor starts with the image with index 0 in the directory we are handling with and has a field currentIndex to supervise the change of the index in the array. However, there is a big problem that we can't switch to another photo easily except rerunning this program.This is really inefficient. Instead, we should try not to aggregate all panels on one window.We can construct a window which can show all of the image file under this directory and put them into a JList. After picking the image, showing another functionality window to tag, untag and rename. However, the designThirdly, although it is considerable to give the reference to users of file name without tags so they can try but actually it's not helpful because tag always contain symbol ¡®@¡® and the name is always easy to read for users. Also, it is better to add JLabels for some buttons to explain the functionality since I don¡¯t really understand what¡¯s the use of master list and how to use newTag Button for the first time.Furthermore, I think separating the functionality of each button into different classes is bad. Although it is much clearer than putting them in one class, too many classes with similar function should be avoided. Especially when we only have several lines in each class.